there's all sorts of cover that's good
to flip the flippin bushes has to be one
of my favorites when I start flipping
bushes the first thing I'm gonna look
for is covering the right depth depth
can vary by season but typically I'm
gonna look for bushes in shallow water
the next thing I'm going to look for is
a bush position by itself just like this
one here and then once I get on the bush
that I want the presentation I'm looking
for I want to get right on the trunk of
the bush that's where the bass in dirty
water is going to position himself is
right on the trunk so you've got all the
arms and appendages of a bush that are
sticking out and branching out from it
but somewhere in the center of there is
the trunk and that's what you need to
hit no matter where you flip it this is
actually a group of bushes clustered
together here and that's kind of the key
with bush fishing in general is you know
don't make one presentation and don't
just pitch it in there hop it and then
hop it out you need to give the bass a
chance to find your ler and you may not
drop it in on his head but if you work
it up and down over a branch you can
draw one's attention over to it I'll
place the bait in different locations
sometimes you got to pop it and shake it
to get it to drop through there and you
can see I'm over a lot of branches I
don't worry about that my trolling motor
I can pop the pump the pulls up the
trolling motor in there and get right on
top of them if I need to if it's a big
one a lot of times if you'll just set
the hook as hard as you can and just
keep pressure pulling as hard as you can
you'll you'll turn his head and he'll
come fire and out of there in the
direction you've got them going and a
big big problem
people find with flipping bushes is
they're getting bit and they don't know
it nine times out of a ten if I'm
yo-yoing a bait up on a limb like this
all you're gonna feel is you're gonna
feel like your baits stuck a fish
generally in the bush won't swim out of
there he'll grab hold of it just hold it
so when you go to pick up and it feels
like you're Bates locked on a limb
that's not a limb if you yo yo dude up
and down ten times and it hadn't got
stuck and then all of a sudden it got
stuck that's generally a fish it's a
bush fishing right there thank you buddy
all right that's so fun